# Automation
Google script has so much potential to automate my workflow and ease my life. I had done that in the past and I guess it was always bespoke instead to integrating it together. Stock automation is something that I am anyways looking for. 

Fetching data from [screener.in](http://www.screener.in) would be useful as that will reduce the analysis time and help me taking more informed decisions. 

# Work
I have to get done the remaining process flow and target to complete those by EOD.

I need to ensure that I am optimizing my working hours so that I can also gain from my daily workflow. I already have a T40P for working hours. This needs to be better implemented and followed. I would like to follow this for my upcoming work once I am done with my current project.

# Review
I need to think about Year end review where I review all the targets and set new ones for next year. I am realizing that too much review will lead to over analysis and I am already feeling that with my daily workflow where I am not able to go through my daily chores like Twitter. Even though I though that I can multitask in evening, its not possible for everyday unless the multitasking is so easy that I am able to do it.


# Eating
I also want to ensure that the last thing I eat in a day is at least 3 hours before my sleeping time. I wanted to see what is the effect of that on my sleep and how that helps me in my health. This idea was sourced from Drink your food and chew your water video. 

# Going Out
We need to find ways to go out as this is not a good for us to stay inside. UK is out of lockdown from today and we have stayed long enough inside. Rishika is feeling bored now and we need to make few trips may be in the city or go for trekking somewhere. 