# Dream
I woke up with a memory of dream that I had an accident in car. The scene was close to children park in Allahabad and I was in the car, trying to drive with Rishika by my side. I had already made multiple failed attempts trying to drive it but this time it went out of control and we were outside the car which car went ahead and hit another car. 

By the time I got back to my senses, I saw Rishika got away and she disappeared. I went ahead to find her since I was little away from the scene. When I got there, which was just 15-20 steps from where I was lying, I saw our car head to head with other's car and car windows were broken and some people were standing there.

I went ahead and now I find myself in my Allahabad home with few front rooms filled with people who got hit by the car. I saw some elderly people crying, one couple there and as I moved to other room, I saw a child with some blood on him wrapped in a cloth. 

A person approached me and what I remember is that he was angry with me and wanted to tell me something but then at right time, my father comes and started talking with him. And then the whole topic of discussion changed and the person started asking about the SUN and how much sunlight we get in our porch. I started telling him about the movement of sun throughout the day and gave him an approximate path which was very similar to what is in UK (SUN not above your head but goes sideways above the horizon).

I woke up after this and was confused by what I saw.

# GitBook Setup
I am not good with Github and struggled to understand how Github-Gitbook integration is working. I tried to create my Morning Mind dump repository in Obsidian and expect Github Desktop to sync it on Git and Gitbook then can pick that from Master branch. But it was not automatically picking it. 

Finally, I found a solution where I created  new page in Gitbook and another page under that to make it look like a folder. This instantly created a new folder in Git and got synced to my local machine where I made the folder an Obsidian Vault.

This is the first note I am writing so I guess once I am done with this note, I should be able to sync everything and see the file online on Gitbook

# Work
I still have enough work to do for my Canopius project. I need to complete the document and some process flows which I wanted to be done. I am expecting to complete a major part of the document by end of the day. 

# Meditation
I am trying to do meditation everyday and it will just take 10 mins but I am not able to. I guess I am just very good in making excuses to myself. Let me try that today and see I am successful in meditating today.


