# Work
I was not able to do anything yesterday for work but will try to get as much done as possible today so that I don't have much to do in coming days.

# Home
I was thinking about home buying and it is both emotional as well as a big financial decision. So even if someone decides to prefer renting instead of buying home here in UK, the savings rate one is getting is not enough that could lure one to rent. The only downside of buying home is that the deposit money is now in an illliquid asset which cannot be used if there is any need.

Another proposition is to invest and live on rent. But then return from investment (at least in UK) is not going to be that high on an average. Last time I checked, FTSE 100 is still at 2015 level. This is an index which comprises biggest companies in the country. The economy is growing at low single digit number and it would be really hard to get returns which are more than economic growth of the country. 

On the emotional side, by putting down sum of money (savings), you can get your own place where you can do whatever you want. But then it also comes with additional cost of living (insurance, maintenance etc.) which has to be borne by the owner.

Currently, we would like to get a bigger place since we are running out of space in this flat. Renting or owning, we have to move to a bigger house. We might have delayed buying for a bit but it has to be done. But the timing is not right. Property market is at all time high. No one has seen market rising by 7% YoY for a month (Oct 2020) as far as I can remember from some article. 

