# Learning Target


# Day Summary
## 20210208
- Learning
	- **Power Automate** - Scheduled occurrence flows needs to be mentioned time and date apart from start time. One can trigger flow from mobile but there are chances that parallel flows can run which can lead to duplication of data in Archive list. Do not let parallel flow run.
- Submitted 2020 Performance review with all the comments received from stakeholders. 

## 20210209
- Learning
	- **PowerApps** - Project team may be using multiple PowerApps specific to different org. Beazley project also uses Beazley Powerapp and using ProReport in the same browser makes it pick wrong credentials. This needs to be included as part of Training manual and Training.

## 20210210
- Webinar - Muscles and Movement - Not very informative. Again had issue with to see what these guys are doing. Cannot see their video. Left meeting early. Did take few screenshots for stretching.
- Power Automate - Tried reading PDF, worked well. Tried accessing Outlook, worked well.
	- Need to figure out how to trigger desktop flow from Cloud. I guess Gateway is required to be setup.
- PowerApp - Need to decide on how much control is required for Amend Record option. Needs to be discussed with Chris.


## 20210211
- Discussed Amend Record with Preeti. It will be discussed by her with Chris tomorrow. 
- Need to think about PowerApp framework.


## 20210212
- ProReport Beazley UW - Pushed V1.3 which included removed option and other changes. Refer to change log.
-  Tested Power Automate Enterprise Gateway. Its easy to implement and allows easy trigger from web.

## Footer

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional
Week: 20210208 - 20210214
Links: 
[Source](template.md), [[Incomplete_Notes|File]]

<!--
Comment - 
-->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTI4OTU3MDcwNywtMTA0MjQ0MjQ1OCwtNT
UzODE3NzQ3LDExMjE2NTk0ODksMTAxNjM0NjQzMCwtMTY2MTcw
MjE1NV19
-->