# Learning Target  

https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy/home/welcome  
Complete Week 1   
    

# Week Plan  

  

# Day Summary  

## 20210726
- Sent email on future plans of PowerApps and role update to Chris
- Chris sent email notifying that due to Ian Smith's absence, there would be interim role change for host of people. I, being part of BA team, will report to Preeti for now.

## 20210727
- Meeting with Preeti
	- Discussed my evolving role in the org.
	- Agreed that my role is so much more than what it says. 
	- I need to come up with my Job description and needs to be shared with Preeti
	- I also need to work on JD for developer too
	- I showed her "Digital Operational Transformation in Pro" PPT which she really liked
		- Her suggestion was that I have clubbed 2-3 topics together in the PPT. I need to divide it into:
			- PowerApps - Current PowerApps process, Architecture, progress, How to make PowerApps scalable in Pro etc.
			- Future plans - 
			- Digital ROI - How we can expand our ROI from existing tech stack
	- I feel, I need to build PPT from more strategic view and needs to be shared separately.
- Raised tickets related to Virtual Agents enable in Teams
	- Had issues to test bot. There is some Proxy setting which is causing this issue. Have already raised a ticket to resolve this.
- Had email conversation with Kristy where she raised point to discuss the licence procurement for Portals internally.
	- I did respond her back saying this has already been discussed with Preeti and Ian and if she wants, she can have a discussion again.
- Asked Matt for Developer JD. He did sent Apex Developer JD.
- PowerApps Catch-up
	- Normal discussion around Green Lemon, CAI, MS Amlin and HWI.

## 20210728
- Working on Job description of my current work with PowerApps and other initiatives.
- Preeti inquired about Portal since she has to approve it. I provided justification for why I need a licence for Portals. 
	- There are currently issues with IT budget. This will take some time since Kristy has sent this to Chris for approval.
- Chased Virtual agents proxy problem ticket with Kristy to get approval on Atech portal.


## 20210729


## 20210730


## Footer  
  

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional  
Week: 20210726 - 20210801
Links: [[Pro Learnings]]

<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTEzMjgwODQ1NDAsMTM3NTMyMDExNiwtMT
Y0OTU3NTMxOV19
-->