# Learning Target  

https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy/home/welcome  
Complete Week 1   
    

# Week Plan  

  

# Day Summary  

## 20210719
Working from London Quarantine
- Flow in Teams
	- Flow in Teams can be used to move data out of DataVerse into any SharePoint site List
	- User Table named column to identify row uniquely. This helps in deletion of records or uniquely identify record

## 20210720
Working from London Quarantine
- PowerApps Weekly Catchup
	- Discussed on support part of the PowerApps - Short link to Apps and SWAY Page, Support PowerApps for other apps
- Discussed a small query on how to capture multiple CCY and NET value in HWI project.
- Requested Will to test the connection between PowerBI and DataVerse in Teams. He was successful in making a connection and see all the Tables.

## 20210721
Working from London Quarantine
- Shared current list of users using PowerApps in Pro.
- Tested sending Email from cloud flows on behalf of Pro PowerApps mailbox. There was some issue with permission which got resolved after Louis checked with Atech. Can now send Email from shared inbox both from Outlook and Power Automate.
- Tried initiating email on behalf of Pro PowerApps  


## 20210722
- Call with Green Lemon (GL) company
	- Unscheduled call. Louis request to join since the call got too technical.
	- Discussed MS Amlin requirement. 
	- There were few queries related to using DataVerse instead of using SharePoint and stages of the project.
	- GL will get back with their quote by 23 Jul 2021 afternoon

## 20210723
- Kristy send list of Power BI users. Reviewed, provided comments and forwarded to Will for further review
- 

## Footer  
  

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional  
Week: 20210719 - 20210725
Links:   
[Source](template.md), [[Incomplete_Notes|File]]  
  

<!--  
Comment -     
-->  
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTE1NzYzNjQ4MzksODQwNTA2MzgzLC0xNz
QyMTE3MDI5LC0zMTkyMjM5MzksMTgzMjgzMTMyMiwtODczNTkw
MzU2LDE5MTg2ODY4NzJdfQ==
-->