# Learning Target  

https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy/home/welcome  
Complete Week 1   
    

# Week Plan  

  

# Day Summary 
## 20210823
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- Second Level Check - Fixed flexible width of slider and Y.
	- Login - Fixed User Profile form to be Edit or new based on Firsttimelogin
	- Created solution in PowerApps Dev and moved it to COLL - PowerApp - UAT
		- 1.0.0.1 - First version which did not include Choice and connections
		- 1.0.0.2 - Included all items missing in previous version and imported in UAT environment.
- Meeting with Kristy
	- Discussed using Approvals in Finance Department
	- On asking IT Strategy, she said there is no IT Strategy she is aware of. She is, however, working on one and would be discussing her thoughts with Chris soon, most probably this week
	- On asking on current resposibilities, she mentioned managin Atech for now and looking into other things too. She is yet to hear to know if she is new IT Head.
	- She wanted to use more technology to address efficiencies she sees in different department
	- I made her aware of automation options we looked at for internal department and we can have a relook again
- Meeting with Preeti
	- Updated her on development of MS Amlin
	- Told her about my upcoming discussion with Will on SLA
	- Discussed on my call with Hannah last week and what she suggested on using free consultants as developers. I told how this is not a good strategy and she agreed.
	- I told her that I am having a meeting with Chris this week and she mentioned why I am skipping Louis, Will, her and talking directly to Chris. I told what i plan to discus and to move things forward.
	- We also discussed what Hannah mentioned about selection of projects and how strategy should decide next projects. Preeti didn't agree with that as there needs to be demand for PowerApps for us to implement.
	- On Audit, I mentioned that Hannah may like to get that approved soon and also may like to get prioritized above HWI. 
	- Preeti also asked Hannah what her role is or on what she is working on and she had a very fancy sentence sent back to her where she said she is acting as an advisor on different verticals and executives.
	- She asked I should not discuss a lot of details with Chris but ask questions more.
	- She seemed interested to building all the right things and present things to Chris and ask for things I have been discussing (giving responsibility to me). She would like to help me run this all.
- Meeting with Will
	- I realized in morning while going through SLA tab that SLA are quite complex and thats need a discussion with Will to fill him in on how I plan to address this.
	- We discussed the table structure, how different scenarios will work so that we have enough flexibility for any future SLA changes and make it future proof
	- We got to know about volume SLA also which never got discussed during our requirement session. I will be raising this in my next session with Claire
	- He agreed that all the SLA evaluation would be done on the reporting side
	- Will shared the reporting presentation Claire has shared with him this morning.

## 20210824
- PowerApps Weekly Catchup
	- MS Amlin - Regular update on what I discussed with WIll on SLA, what needs to be discussed with Claire regarding SLA reporting  - Volume, Expected volume, other reporting requirements.
	- HWI - No update on that. Preeti raised point that Dani seems pretty okay with HWI getting delayed due to MS Amlin. Louis confirmed that this is due to the fact that this is a pilot project for Dani.
	- Audit - A lot of discussion on Hannah and Audit. We discussed the complexities involved in Audit PowerApps and it will use a whole lot of services of Microsoft. Also, I put forward point that requirement sessions can be initiated without me as we would like to understand what Audit wants first. This could be done by Ryan and then he can validate those requirement to know the tech aspects of it. Preeti agreed with this.
	- PowerApps Strategy Session - Hannah, Louis, Preeti, Ryan would be joining the call tomorrow
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- Second Level Check - Fixed the alignment of other buttons which were dependent on Slider X
	- Input Task Details, QC Task Details, CC Task Details, SLC Task Details - Reused same screen to show completed task and optimized elements to either show or hide depending on type of task.
	- Day Summary - Created basic design of the page. Page load data consolidation based on date from different tables in a collection is done. Need to plan for how to show data since I also want user to see all the completed task on that day in the same screen.
- Operational Digital Transformation Strategy PPT
	- Looked for digital transformation framework on Internet and came up with custom Digital transformation pillars called DOCAP. Need to improvise here. Will also add other drivers for Digital transformation 
## 20210825
- PowerApps Strategy Meeting
	- Discussed Strategy PPT with the team
	- Preeti even though liked the whole digital transformation and DOCAT theme but mentioned that this is going away from the actual theme - PowerApps or Power Platform Strategy
	- Prepared a list of questions for Chris which I will be asking him tomorrow
	- I need to also work on Power Platform Strategy which focuses on the that only 
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- Day Summary - Been working on data preparation at the page load. Few UI changes to include Pie chart
## 20210826
- Meeting with Chris
	- What do you think about PowerApps
		- Provided lots of value for US (GenRe + Beazley) + How we can roll out for other clients
		- I see Microsoft PowerApps as tactical
		- Amlin is next, Audit might get something through this
	- Why look external for Developers?
		- I looked to get a sense of cost associated with things getting developed on PowerApps for benchmarking
		- Look for internal developer and I create a small team and run it. 
		- How quickly we can develop scale and if we move from PowerApps to something else, how easy it would be to upskill the same resource
		- We can look at LatAm and get someone from there for development or a Grad coming out of a university
	- Tactical vs Strategic
		- I dont have a particular plan to get rid of all log sheets. I am looking at client by client and business value perspective, if it is a small client not much value in building a system. Potential clients - a hiscocks (35-40 resources working on it who all will come across). They are using some kind of Access solution. We may end up with building a productivity / workflow solution. It would be a big project which needs to scale up quite quickly. So I would definitely go for additional resource for that. 
	- Power BI
		- Would like to create dashboards on PowerApps and consolidated data
	- Other services in Power Platform
		- Map the tool with business problems and opportunities and then to support these, what kind of resources we would require. So at what point we need to start scaling.
	- Deck
		- Long term cost of ownership would like to see (if you are able to quantify that). Microsoft is cloud based so they will be updating the capability constantly. Is there a point that we need to develop tools something as these tool will fall out of support. 
		- Also would like to see things like RPA
		- From business perspective, once we understand a process, we can mesure a process through productivity so you can start moving towards automation. Can we do that with PowerApps or do we need other tool to help with that. 
	- We need to have process to keep it proactive. 
	- Any idea on org strcuture, include that in the deck 
	- Mention LatAm resource to Preeti, good english skill would be a problem. 
	- At what point do we prove that business value and methodology is working and we need to move something more strategic?
		- Concern with PowerApps is at some point it starts becoming architecturally challenging since there would be so many components that you get benefit from alternative low code tool. 
		- We are still understanding the benefits associated with PowerApps , it is proving its value so I would like to continue with that for a while and then we reach a point where we say ok we need another low code tool
	- He thinks PowerApps is lesser than Bizagi (which has been projected as a Workflow tool)
- Had meeting with Preeti (PPM Weekly catchup) to update them about my meeting with Chris. Shared all the insights with them.
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- Day Summary - Worked on data preparation. Now I am able to put 

## 20210827
- PowerApps Developer JD call with Matt - He helped in rephrase sentences. He explained how the way responsibilities were phrased, the junior people may think that it requires all sort of key skill and may not apply. He also mentioned that he is leaving Pro and joining a defence company based in Tewksbery.
- I have shared the updated JD with Matt along with Preeti, Andria and Sophie


## Footer

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional
Week: 20210823 - 20210829
Links: [[Pro Learnings]]

<!--
Comment - 
-->
