# Learning Target  

https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy/home/welcome  
Complete Week 1   
    

# Week Plan  

  

# Day Summary 
## 20210906
- Neha moving day. Most of the day spent on helping in moving stuff.
- Weekly Catchup with Preeti 
	- I requested to move meeting from 3PM to anytime before 12PM. Meeting happened at 10AM
	- Started with telling her about my holiday in Peak District and Champneys
	- Major topic picked was Chris being asking to look for PowerApps developer in LatAm.
	- Preeti is not comfortable with having resource in LatAm due to multiple reasons - time difference, Language barrier etc
	- She asked what should be our argument against this to Chris
		- I pointed out 2 options 
			- Either continue with the current model and slow down the system and carry the risk of single point of failure
			- Hire someone who could lower the risk by sharing knowledge with me and could help and support the apps in my absence.
	- We also briefly discussed about my current position in company and if I am evaluating to leave the company. I said that considering how much a developer is getting outside, I should be paid way more than I am actually getting
	- Preeti also mentioned that she has asked HR for my salary details
	- She also would like to have some kind of a budget so that she has free hand to decide what she would like to do in her role and manage different resources
	- We moved to talk about MS Amlin. I gave her demo of 1st iteration that has been pushed to UAT environment.
	- I also introduced her to automation that I am running for Beazley UW on weekly basis and how it make my job easy to monitor things. I told her this is how we would be tackling things in future once we have a lot of things to manage.


## 20210907
- Weekly PowerApps Catchup
	- Preeti is busy with something, Will and Ryan are on leave. Louis and I were the only ones in the meeting.
	- He wanted to discuss about the approach we will follow to tackle with resourcing issue. I said the same thing I discussed with Preeti on different options we would present to Chris
	- Moved to Amlin where I asked him whether PowerApps for Teams has been enabled for project team. He confirmed that it has been enabled but I should wait as Claire might have not sent the team an email letting them know that they will be testing an app.
	- Discussed that Will had captured the reporting requirements and it has been signed off. The report would be in 3 parts - report for the client that is to be presented, report for the internal tracking and the report that client actually uses.
	- He mentioned about an email he has sent to Claire about new features she would like to see in the App like new starter flow, manual input of projections and powerapp costing, Day summary with pass rate
		- I said that I do have plans for all these and I need to have a discussion with Claire to understand more about what she wants and then subsequently with Will to understand how this has to be implemented on reporting side.
	- I checked his access to UAT environment and he is able to see all the tables in that environment. I will be searching how to hide this from the users.


## 20210908
- Sent email to Claire and Annie for 1st iteration of MS Amlin (Early Access). Quite long email which explained everything from different environment to how to access the app. 


## 20210909
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- SLA - Setup Gallery and SLA add form
	- Admin - Setup Admin Menu
- Weekly PPM Meeting
	- Preeti, Verity, Will were not there. Me, Dave and Louis joined
	- I asked about how Dave handled the developer situation for Pelican. He said he hired locally from university. He also suggested to advertise the job internally.
- Had email conversation with Claire to setup another requirement meeting for additional features she has asked for
- PowerApps
	- Reza Dorranni video helped to understand that there is a way to not give access to tables but share App with users. 
		- For this, users are required to be in a security group which would be added in "Share with Colleague" option for App and Tables.
		- Through this, the users does not need to have access to Teams.


## 20210910



## Footer

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional
Week: Start Date - End Date
Links: [[Pro Learnings]]

<!--
Comment - 
-->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTA5OTk3OTk5OSwyMDg2MTUwMDg5LC0xNz
Y3NzUyMjAzLC01MTE0MDY2NzYsLTU1MDk3MjE5NiwtMTA3MTM2
OTQ4MiwyOTg3MzEzMTUsNDgwMzc2OTc2XX0=
-->