# Learning Target  

https://www.coursera.org/learn/uva-darden-foundations-business-strategy/home/welcome  
Complete Week 1   
    

# Week Plan  

  

# Day Summary 
## 20210913
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- About - Coded access to Dev Console Screen
	- Settings - Coded Access to Admin Console
	- Role Management - Conditional dropdown for Admin and other role
	- Process Management - Bug fix for Save button (mismatch while comparing values)
	- Input View Details - Bug fix for duration saving (Pointing to incorrect Datavaluecard of PauseResume), Bug in query field collection.

## 20210914
- PowerApps Weekly Catchup Meeting
- New Features meeting with Claire
- Hiscox IT Pricing Meeting
	- Chris, Shayne, Hannah, Kristy, Trevor and Louisa joined
	- Pro is working on Hiscox RFP. Its pretty huge since it a multi million dollar project. Exposure management, Risk Input and BDX processing would be part of the relationship.
	- They wanted to include ProFlow as IT solution for the client
	- They liked ProFlow logo
	- Asked for IT effort and cost estimation
	- I proposed for monetizing the Proflow by absorbing the cost initially and selling per seat wise. Chris liked this idea
	- Shayne asked to reach out to Stew Harris for BDX processing. Exposure management is part of CAI so I need to take cues from Ryan.
	- Need to assess and include assumption on whether client would like to access the portal too. If the whole process is not moved to Pro, there would be blend of the operations.
	- 6 months transition period would be there
	- 3 year project - someone mentioned this
- PowerApps Resourcing Meeting
	- Kristy and Chris joined
	- Presented PPT. Chris intervened multiple times to move to next slide as he knew the backgroud
	- He insisted in using Gard firm which will provide grads with specific skillset
	- Kristy has a meeting with them tomorrow morning and she will update with the pricing data
	- Backup plan would be to find resource in LatAm geography
	- No focus right now in finding someone internally
	- No plan to outsource it
- ProFlow_MSAmlin_UW
	- Admin - Side gallery setup, Forms included and Conflg gallery
	- Input Task Details - Fixed Resume, Completed button code


## 20210915

## 20210916

## 20210917



## Footer

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional
Week: 20210913 - 20210919
Links: [[Pro Learnings]]

<!--
Comment - 
-->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTA5OTk3OTk5OSwyMDg2MTUwMDg5LC0xNz
Y3NzUyMjAzLC01MTE0MDY2NzYsLTU1MDk3MjE5NiwtMTA3MTM2
OTQ4MiwyOTg3MzEzMTUsNDgwMzc2OTc2XX0=
-->