## 20210125
- Project - Pushed changes in Beazley_UW_Dev to Beazley_UW
- **PowerApp** - Started working on ProReport Framework. App Section Addons as options and some default options in the app. 
- 
## 20210126
 - **PowerApp** - Implemented how to combine data from 2 different list (in case of Archival)
	 - It requires 2 different list to be of same structure and if there are any additional columns, it will work but not with same name but different type
	 - Local collection needs to be created to save the records and updation can be done by comparing the ID of the record which is the unique key to identify record in the list.
 - **Learning - PowerApp**
	 - Every record fetched through filter function and if saved in a collection will have an ID column which can be used to uniquely identify the record in the list
 
## 20210127
- **Webinar - Boost you Energy** - Good insight on what to eat. Joined late. Taken some screenshots which can be implemented.
- **Learning - Change Management** 
	- Do have proper communication related to change management
	- Ensure you provide those communication to key members of project team to forward it to end users
- **Learning - Changes at Last minute**
	- Julie and her team asked for few changes based on question raised by Luke in Training session today.
	- This might happen all the time. This has to be managed better by having a cut off date of when changes can be accepted and what should be the procedure
	- There should also be a way to capture this and have an audit trail and better way to manage it
- **Learning - Training Sessions**
	- Need to have a well written points on what to cover in what order.
	- You have to get into a habit of looking back to the list and cover those things
- **Learning - Support Docs**
	- Needs to be incorporated in the project timeline
	- Better way would be to keep updating the doc as you go along with the development
	- Need to have a feature implementation checklist as to what to follow and what to update.
- **Idea** - Checklist for implementation, checklist for how to collate, project plan of when to implement, what to implement

## 20210128


## 20210129


## Footer

Tags: #FleetingNotes, #learning , #Professional
Week: 20210125 - 20210131
Links: 
[Source](template.md), [[Incomplete_Notes|File]]

<!--
Comment - 
-->
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbLTY4MzY2OTMxOCwtMTAxMTE5OTU5NV19
-->